so finally here we are lads I did
actually promise you that I was going to
get a very cheap but overpowered team
out and today's the day this team is
going to set you back around at ten or
fifteen thousand coins it's overpowered
nothing more nothing less a really solid
side if you don't have 15k then there is
no hope for you it's towards the end a
fifo if you haven't got fifteen thousand
coins what have you been doing anyway if
you need some coins clinking you to
place things we found just polite in the
scripture and if you go use my card Fuji
five you can probably get 15 k for like
10 p so go get yourself some coins build
this side and Jay let's get straight
into it it's for triple to it's not your
average team you know it's a nice little
individual players in here and go we
have no Reese let that we have clichy
cabal Dickie today and a bit abbate in
the defense we've got two solid center
backs and tall and very very strong and
the full-backs are fast which is what
you need CDMS we have Fellaini a
nine-goal on both Belgium as well and
nice sort of nice sort of partnership in
the middle you know one tool one small
in the council positions we have K go
out for a Manchester United and we have
honda from milan both japanese leaving
our sort of central attacking mid rolls
and then we have up front mukesh and
also your package now before i even say
anything i'm just going to go into the
in-game clips because this team is just
phenomenal like I said it's overpowered
it's 15k 10 15 k create it you're going
to score some crack and goals let's move
into the clips so in game timer will for
you start talking about the team if we
can smash the like button on today's
video lat so we can push for 500 that'd
be freaking awesome really appreciate it
and that will let me know you want to
see more of these well cheap teams cheap
overpower teams and I'll get as many as
I can out before the end of fifa 14
anyway talking about the actual squad
itself Vokoun ish very overpowered some
nice shots on him don't try and do skill
runs don't try and do anything like that
just use them as now in our striker to
quickly link up the play and to smash it
from from distance on the other hand job
at ish now that is your skillful player
he is terrific squeeze fast he's
powerful he's got great dribbling and
the goals are scored with images as you
ridiculous for moving down to the cow so
we've got Kagawa also got Honda kaggwa
don't try and shoot with him just
dribble use him as he boy he is just a
dribbler pretty much he's got a nice
drivel on him it's got a nice passing
and he plays a really nice role so don't
try and shoot with him and say you don't
like him he's not really a goalscorer
I Stuart assists and Honda other hand it
is completely different you got some
nice variation in this side lads you got
Honda who's got great free kicks he's
got great power in his shots and here
plays a really really nice role and then
in the CDMS you've got our one tool guy
that likes to sort of boss it which is
Fellaini main goal and who say it's good
at going forward you know they're both
pretty good at going forward but yes
very well balanced in defense obviously
you got your fast fullbacks you got
clichy you've got a batty is awesome and
then you've got a cabal who's opie to
hell the kitteh and then once you beat
in them if you can eat if even if you
can beat them you've got the reefs in
gold which I would prefer check but he
wouldn't get full camber nevertheless
it's a decent side now lads go out let
me know on Twitter how you got on with
this team and show me your goals again
with your titty if you haven't used your
voltage before you're in for a great
surprise he is phenomenal in my opinion
this is gonna be a long shot but I I
used to play with ebrahim it and he's
sort of on par with the shooting whites
I know it's not as powerful but he seems
to put them in a time and time again so
yeah really happy with him striker let
me know how you get on with him maybeee
bruh was a bit of a long shot with
comparison but yeah he's awesome yeah
take it easy lads if we can smash the
like on today's video that'd be awesome
and today yeah let me know if you want
to see more squads let me know if you
tried any of these plays and take it
easier see you guys tonight but packed
up our hood